In this lecture we will learn about how we can work with images and bootstrap bootstrap gives us some
useful cases that we can use to quickly work with images on our Web page.
We can use the float left and float right classes to align our image to the left or right of our Web
page content.
For this example we will create an image element and give it a source of our star dot P AND HE image
we will give our image a height and width of 200 pixels.
Finally we will give our image a class value of float.
Left.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code as you can see our store image is aligned to the
left side of our Web page.
Let's jump back to the editor the float right class that bootstrap gives us allows us to align images
to the right of our webpage.
We will switch our elements class value to float right and then run our code in the web browser.
As you can see our image is now aligned to the right of our Web page.
Let's jump back to the editor bootstrap also gives us a few ways to change the shape of our image border.
We can use the rounded rounded circle an image thumbnail classes to do so giving our image a class value
of round it allows us to round the corners of our image.
Let's add an image element to a web page and give it a source of our blue jpeg image.
We will give it a height and width of 200 in a class value of rounded.
We will then go to the web browser and run our code as you can see our image has rounded corners.
Let's jump back to the editor using the rounded circle class value allows us to display our image with
a border and a circular shape.
Let's change the class value of our image element to rounded circle and then go to the web browser and
what our code
as you can see our image now has a circular border.
Let's jump back to the editor the image thumbnail class it's a border around our image.
We will change the class value of our image to image thumbnail then we will go to the web browser and
run our code as you can see there is now a border around our image.
Let's jump back to the editor one really cool use of bootstrap is to create an image carousel that allows
users to flip through the images on our webpage.
Bootstrap provides provide some useful tools to easily and intuitively create an image carousel for
our web page.
First we need to create the container div for carousel.
We will give it an idea of carrousel ID a class value of carrousel and the class value of slide and
the data arrived value of Carrousel.
Then we will add the items to our carousel.
Each item will be wrapped in a development with a class value of carrousel item or image element for
each carousel slide we'll go between these opening and closing div tags.
We will give each of our divs a class value of carrousel item.
The first day we will also give a second class value of active to make this item the starting active
item in the Carousel.
Our first image will have a source of star P and G.
Our second image will have a source of our blue dot jpeg image.
Our third image will have a source of our checkerboard jpeg image.
Each of our images will have a with of 1000 and a height of 500.
Finally let's add some controls to our carrousel controls of the forward and backward arrows that allow
the user to manually scroll through carrousel images on our Web page.
The first control we will create is the previous arrow for our carrousel we will add an anchor element
with a class value of carrousel control Prevx an A-Trak value of hash tag carrousel ID and a data slide
value of preve.
Then we will add a child span element with a class value of carrousel control previa icon.
This span will be the actual arrow icon that the user will see the second control we will create is
the next arrow for our carrousel we will add an anchor element with a class value of carrousel control
next an H rest value of hash tag carrousel ID and the data slide value of next.
Then we will add a child span element with a class value of carrousel control next icon.
One last thing.
The default arrows for the carousel are white so they are hard to see against the default browser background
of white.
Let's make the background of our Web page black so that we can easily see them when we run our code.
Now that we have the code for the image carrousel and its controls we will go to the web browser and
run our code as you can see the carousel cycles through our image and we can also make use of the controls
to move to the previous and next the images in the carousel
and the next lecture.
We will learn how to work with text and bootstrap.